Describe the behavior of greeting/farewell flags in overlapping regions (#15)
EngineHub/WorldGuardDocs: source/regions/flags.rst

.. tip::
    As mentioned above, the teleport and spawn location flags default to "members", which means that only members can take advantage of them by default. Set the region group for the flag to change this.

.. tip::

>     If overlapping regions have the same greeting or farewell flag, no message is sent when moving between these regions, i.e. if you enter one region while being in the other.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    If overlapping regions have the same greeting or farewell flag, no message is sent when moving between these regions, e.g. if you enter one region while being in the other. This is also true, in a more general sense, of any player movement that does *not* result in the flag at the "from" and "to" locations changing.
```
